[docs] Describe test.timeouts (#6054)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/test/timeouts.md

---
# Test.timeouts Method

Sets timeouts for the test.

```text
test.timeouts({
    [pageLoadTimeout]
    [, pageRequestTimeout]
    [, ajaxRequestTimeout]
}) → this
```

Parameter                         | Type   | Description
--------------------------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
`pageLoadTimeout` *(optional)*    | number | The time (in milliseconds) passed after the `DOMContentLoaded` event, within which TestCafe waits for the `window.load` event to fire. See [pageLoadTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#pageloadtimeout).
`pageRequestTimeout` *(optional)* | number | The time (in milliseconds) to wait for HTML pages. See [pageRequestTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#ajaxrequesttimeout).
`ajaxRequestTimeout` *(optional)* | number | Wait time (in milliseconds) for fetch/XHR requests. See [ajaxRequestTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#ajaxrequesttimeout).

```js
fixture `My Fixture`
    .timeouts({
        pageLoadTimeout:    2000,
        pageRequestTimeout: 60000,
        ajaxRequestTimeout: 60000
    })
    .page `http://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/example`;

test('My test' , async t => {

> })

Reviewer: Fixture doesn't have the `timeouts` method. Currently the timeouts can be specified only for an individual test (`test.timeouts`) and for the entire test run (using CLI/runner API/config file).

Author: You're right, that's my bad. Fixed it

---
layout: docs
title: Test.timeouts Method
permalink: /documentation/reference/test-api/test/timeouts.html
---
# Test.timeouts Method

> Sets timeouts for the test.

Author: A bit redundant in my opinion (given that the table below gives a detailed description for each property), but ok.

> Customize timeout values for the requests performed during a particular test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Customize timeout values for requests performed during a test.
```

```text
test.timeouts({
    [pageLoadTimeout]
    [, pageRequestTimeout]
    [, ajaxRequestTimeout]
}) → this
```

Parameter                         | Type   | Description
--------------------------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

> `pageLoadTimeout` *(optional)*    | number | The time (in milliseconds) passed after the `DOMContentLoaded` event, within which TestCafe waits for the `window.load` event to fire. See [pageLoadTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#pageloadtimeout).

Reviewer 3: simpler language
```suggestion
`pageLoadTimeout` *(optional)*    | number | Maximum time (in milliseconds) between the`DOMContentLoaded` event and the `window.load` event. See [pageLoadTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#pageloadtimeout).
```

> `pageRequestTimeout` *(optional)* | number | The time (in milliseconds) to wait for HTML pages. See [pageRequestTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#ajaxrequesttimeout).

Reviewer 3: You can't *wait* for an HTML page. You can wait for a response to your request.
```suggestion
`pageRequestTimeout` *(optional)* | number | Maximum web server response time (in milliseconds). See [pageRequestTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#ajaxrequesttimeout).
```

Author: > You can't wait for an HTML page. You can wait for a response to your request.

`Wait for an HTML (to be served)` == `wait for a response to a request for an HTML page`

> Maximum web server response time

Doesn't indicate that only requests for webpages (when the browser requests HTML from the server) are affected. A fetch request (for example) is still made to a web server, yet has nothing to do with this option. 

```suggestion
`pageRequestTimeout` *(optional)* | number | Maximum time (in milliseconds) for the web server to serve an HTML page. See [pageRequestTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#ajaxrequesttimeout).
```

Gets a bit repetitive. So I'd say `to wait for HTML pages` is good enough.

Reviewer 3: Your new suggestion is better and less colloquial, in a good way tbh. Thanks!

> `pageRequestTimeout` *(optional)* | number | Maximum time (in milliseconds) for the web server to serve an HTML page. See [pageRequestTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#ajaxrequesttimeout).

Author: ```suggestion
`pageRequestTimeout` *(optional)* | number | Maximum time (in milliseconds) for the web server to serve an HTML page. See [pageRequestTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#pagerequesttimeout).
```

> `ajaxRequestTimeout` *(optional)* | number | Wait time (in milliseconds) for fetch/XHR requests. See [ajaxRequestTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#ajaxrequesttimeout).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`ajaxRequestTimeout` *(optional)* | number | Maximum time (in milliseconds) between a fetch/XHR request and the response. See [ajaxRequestTimeout](../../configuration-file.md#ajaxrequesttimeout).
```

```js
fixture`My Fixture`
    .page`http://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/example`;

test

>     .timeouts({

Reviewer 4: Formatting: key values should be aligned:

```js
     .timeouts({
         pageLoadTimeout:    2000, // here
         pageRequestTimeout: 60000,
         ajaxRequestTimeout: 60000
    })
```

Author: Done

>         pageLoadTimeout: 2000,

Author: ```suggestion
        pageLoadTimeout:     2000,
```
